Inelastic try initialized my form array and I synchronized with h m l.
Now I want to consider the case that we do have valid data.
If we do have invalidate I want to show an error and then return.
So that I don't continue and we will come back to this error message part later.
Let's now add a new form form control to add such a new form control.
I will need to edit or access my recipe form my ingredients control which is this array of controls.
And there I need to push a new control.
Now Engler or I should say typescript doesn't know that this is a form array.
Therefore I will explicitly costed to inform typescript.
Hey I know this part.
You're referring to a form array because this is how to initialize it right.
But since I use a string here it's not able to figure this out on its own.
So with Formery between opening and closing tax here kind of I'm telling typescript that this is a form
array and therefore it does now not complain if a use push on this to push a new form control of course
because the array holds an array of form control some multiple form controls and this new form control
now will extract the name from this data argument in passing here and name refers to this input is created
here.
So the name the user entered and this will be the default value for the subform control which I want
to set up.
Also I want to add the required validator here to make sure that this is not empty and or checks for
it and push a new line so that it's easier to read.
So if this does new control is created and added to the form array and it should then automatically
all be displayed on our template on our page.
Now in order to be able to view this I will leave Scollard as it is.
We will finish it later and add some messages.
I don't want it presented so I will return it.
Remember here I did simply create it and store it in the new ingredient alert method X wasn't constant.
I can now return does constant or simply don't store it at all and just return it like this.
So now all this method does is it creates this alert and therefore now in the action sheet.
Here when I click an ingredient I want to show this alert to what I do here is I will simply call this
creating green alert which gives me that alert present.
Since this gives me a readily configured alert now with this in place if we now save this and let it
recompile Let's see if it works as intended.
If we go to the new recipe page click on manager gradients Well we don't see the action sheet right.
Well we don't see the actual sheet because we create it here we store it in this constant.
But of course this won't show it in order to show it.
You need to use this constant.
You need to use these.
Does this action sheet we are creating here like this and call present on this too.
So with this in place now we're actually showing the actual sheet.
And now up recompiling it should successfully show us that sheet.
If we go to this new recipe page click here.
Here you see it you can discarded.
You can remove all ingredients which doesn't do anything as of now and you can click add ingredient
which opens up this dialog where we can add milk and click ADD and it successfully adds this ingredient
here as a control.
Let's try this again with Brad at.
Looks pretty good to me.
So if we get this working.
Now of course I also want to hook up d remove all ingredients button and show some messages when ingredient
was added or was not added successfully.
So let's work on this next